UNIT FILE                                  STATE           VENDOR PRESET
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.automount          static          enabled      
-.mount                                    generated       enabled      
boot-efi.mount                             generated       enabled      
dev-hugepages.mount                        static          enabled      
dev-mqueue.mount                           static          enabled      
proc-sys-fs-binfmt_misc.mount              disabled        enabled      
snap-core18-1944.mount                     enabled         enabled      
snap-core18-1988.mount                     enabled         enabled      
snap-gnome\x2d3\x2d34\x2d1804-60.mount     enabled         enabled      
snap-gnome\x2d3\x2d34\x2d1804-66.mount     enabled         enabled      
snap-gtk\x2dcommon\x2dthemes-1506.mount    enabled         enabled      
snap-gtk\x2dcommon\x2dthemes-1514.mount    enabled         enabled      
snap-snap\x2dstore-467.mount               enabled         enabled      
snap-snap\x2dstore-518.mount               enabled         enabled      
snap-snapd-10492.mount                     enabled         enabled      
snap-snapd-10707.mount                     enabled         enabled      
sys-fs-fuse-connections.mount              static          enabled      
sys-kernel-config.mount                    static          enabled      
sys-kernel-debug.mount                     static          enabled      
sys-kernel-tracing.mount                   static          enabled      
acpid.path                                 enabled         enabled      
apport-autoreport.path                     enabled         enabled      
cups.path                                  enabled         enabled      
systemd-ask-password-console.path          static          enabled      
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.path         static          enabled      
systemd-ask-password-wall.path             static          enabled      
session-2.scope                            transient       enabled      
accounts-daemon.service                    enabled         enabled      
acpid.service                              disabled        enabled      
alsa-restore.service                       static          enabled      
alsa-state.service                         static          enabled      
alsa-utils.service                         masked          enabled      
anacron.service                            enabled         enabled      
apparmor.service                           enabled         enabled      
apport-autoreport.service                  static          enabled      
apport-forward@.service                    static          enabled      
apport.service                             generated       enabled      
apt-daily-upgrade.service                  static          enabled      
apt-daily.service                          static          enabled      
autovt@.service                            enabled         enabled      
avahi-daemon.service                       enabled         enabled      
bluetooth.service                          enabled         enabled      
bolt.service                               static          enabled      
brltty-udev.service                        static          enabled      
brltty.service                             disabled        enabled      
clean-mount-point@.service                 static          enabled      
colord.service                             static          enabled      
configure-printer@.service                 static          enabled      
console-getty.service                      disabled        disabled     
console-setup.service                      enabled         enabled      
container-getty@.service                   static          enabled      
cron.service                               enabled         enabled      
cryptdisks-early.service                   masked          enabled      
cryptdisks.service                         masked          enabled      
cups-browsed.service                       enabled         enabled      
cups.service                               enabled         enabled      
dbus-fi.w1.wpa_supplicant1.service         enabled         enabled      
dbus-org.bluez.service                     enabled         enabled      
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service         enabled         enabled      
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service     static          enabled      
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service       static          enabled      
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service        static          enabled      
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service enabled         enabled      
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service enabled         enabled      
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service      enabled         enabled      
dbus-org.freedesktop.thermald.service      enabled         enabled      
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service     static          enabled      
dbus-org.freedesktop.timesync1.service     enabled         enabled      
dbus.service                               static          enabled      
debug-shell.service                        disabled        disabled     
display-manager.service                    static          enabled      
dmesg.service                              enabled         enabled      
e2scrub@.service                           static          enabled      
e2scrub_all.service                        static          enabled      
e2scrub_fail@.service                      static          enabled      
e2scrub_reap.service                       enabled         enabled      
emergency.service                          static          enabled      
fprintd.service                            static          enabled      
friendly-recovery.service                  static          enabled      
fstrim.service                             static          enabled      
fwupd-offline-update.service               static          enabled      
fwupd-refresh.service                      static          disabled     
fwupd.service                              static          enabled      
gdm.service                                static          enabled      
gdm3.service                               static          enabled      
geoclue.service                            static          enabled      
getty-static.service                       static          enabled      
getty@.service                             enabled         enabled      
gpu-manager.service                        enabled         enabled      
grub-common.service                        generated       enabled      
grub-initrd-fallback.service               enabled         enabled      
hwclock.service                            masked          enabled      
iio-sensor-proxy.service                   static          enabled      
initrd-cleanup.service                     static          enabled      
initrd-parse-etc.service                   static          enabled      
initrd-switch-root.service                 static          enabled      
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service          static          enabled      
ippusbxd@.service                          static          enabled      
irqbalance.service                         enabled         enabled      
kerneloops.service                         enabled         enabled      
keyboard-setup.service                     enabled         enabled      
kmod-static-nodes.service                  static          enabled      
kmod.service                               static          enabled      
logrotate.service                          static          enabled      
man-db.service                             static          enabled      
ModemManager.service                       enabled         enabled      
modprobe@.service                          static          enabled      
motd-news.service                          static          enabled      
netplan-ovs-cleanup.service                enabled-runtime enabled      
network-manager.service                    enabled         enabled      
networkd-dispatcher.service                enabled         enabled      
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service          enabled         enabled      
NetworkManager-wait-online.service         enabled         enabled      
NetworkManager.service                     enabled         enabled      
nvidia-persistenced.service                static          enabled      
ondemand.service                           enabled         enabled      
openvpn-client@.service                    disabled        enabled      
openvpn-server@.service                    disabled        enabled      
openvpn.service                            enabled         enabled      
openvpn@.service                           disabled        enabled      
packagekit-offline-update.service          static          enabled      
packagekit.service                         static          enabled      
plymouth-halt.service                      static          enabled      
plymouth-kexec.service                     static          enabled      
plymouth-log.service                       static          enabled      
plymouth-poweroff.service                  static          enabled      
plymouth-quit-wait.service                 static          enabled      
plymouth-quit.service                      static          enabled      
plymouth-read-write.service                static          enabled      
plymouth-reboot.service                    static          enabled      
plymouth-start.service                     static          enabled      
plymouth-switch-root.service               static          enabled      
plymouth.service                           static          enabled      
polkit.service                             static          enabled      
pppd-dns.service                           enabled         enabled      
procps.service                             static          enabled      
pulseaudio-enable-autospawn.service        masked          enabled      
quotaon.service                            static          enabled      
rc-local.service                           static          enabled      
rc.service                                 masked          enabled      
rcS.service                                masked          enabled      
rescue.service                             static          enabled      
rsync.service                              enabled         enabled      
rsyslog.service                            enabled         enabled      
rtkit-daemon.service                       disabled        enabled      
saned.service                              masked          enabled      
saned@.service                             indirect        enabled      
secureboot-db.service                      enabled         enabled      
serial-getty@.service                      disabled        enabled      
setvtrgb.service                           enabled         enabled      
snapd.apparmor.service                     enabled         enabled      
snapd.autoimport.service                   enabled         enabled      
snapd.core-fixup.service                   enabled         enabled      
snapd.failure.service                      static          enabled      
snapd.recovery-chooser-trigger.service     enabled         enabled      
snapd.seeded.service                       enabled         enabled      
snapd.service                              enabled         enabled      
snapd.snap-repair.service                  static          enabled      
snapd.system-shutdown.service              enabled         enabled      
speech-dispatcher.service                  disabled        enabled      
speech-dispatcherd.service                 disabled        enabled      
spice-vdagent.service                      indirect        enabled      
spice-vdagentd.service                     indirect        enabled      
sudo.service                               masked          enabled      
switcheroo-control.service                 enabled         enabled      
syslog.service                             enabled         enabled      
system-update-cleanup.service              static          enabled      
systemd-ask-password-console.service       static          enabled      
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service      static          enabled      
systemd-ask-password-wall.service          static          enabled      
systemd-backlight@.service                 static          enabled      
systemd-binfmt.service                     static          enabled      
systemd-bless-boot.service                 static          enabled      
systemd-boot-check-no-failures.service     disabled        enabled      
systemd-boot-system-token.service          static          enabled      
systemd-exit.service                       static          enabled      
systemd-fsck-root.service                  enabled-runtime enabled      
systemd-fsck@.service                      static          enabled      
systemd-fsckd.service                      static          enabled      
systemd-halt.service                       static          enabled      
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service          static          enabled      
systemd-hibernate.service                  static          enabled      
systemd-hostnamed.service                  static          enabled      
systemd-hwdb-update.service                static          enabled      
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service               static          enabled      
systemd-initctl.service                    static          enabled      
systemd-journal-flush.service              static          enabled      
systemd-journald.service                   static          enabled      
systemd-journald@.service                  static          enabled      
systemd-kexec.service                      static          enabled      
systemd-localed.service                    static          enabled      
systemd-logind.service                     static          enabled      
systemd-machine-id-commit.service          static          enabled      
systemd-modules-load.service               static          enabled      
systemd-network-generator.service          disabled        enabled      
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service       disabled        enabled      
systemd-networkd.service                   disabled        enabled      
systemd-poweroff.service                   static          enabled      
systemd-pstore.service                     enabled         enabled      
systemd-quotacheck.service                 static          enabled      
systemd-random-seed.service                static          enabled      
systemd-reboot.service                     static          enabled      
systemd-remount-fs.service                 enabled-runtime enabled      
systemd-resolved.service                   enabled         enabled      
systemd-rfkill.service                     static          enabled      
systemd-suspend-then-hibernate.service     static          enabled      
systemd-suspend.service                    static          enabled      
systemd-sysctl.service                     static          enabled      
systemd-sysusers.service                   static          enabled      
systemd-time-wait-sync.service             disabled        enabled      
systemd-timedated.service                  static          enabled      
systemd-timesyncd.service                  enabled         enabled      
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service             static          enabled      
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service         static          enabled      
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service             static          enabled      
systemd-udev-settle.service                static          enabled      
systemd-udev-trigger.service               static          enabled      
systemd-udevd.service                      static          enabled      
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service       static          enabled      
systemd-update-utmp.service                static          enabled      
systemd-user-sessions.service              static          enabled      
systemd-volatile-root.service              static          enabled      
thermald.service                           enabled         enabled      
udev.service                               static          enabled      
udisks2.service                            enabled         enabled      
ufw.service                                enabled         enabled      
unattended-upgrades.service                enabled         enabled      
upower.service                             disabled        enabled      
usb_modeswitch@.service                    static          enabled      
usbmuxd.service                            static          enabled      
user-runtime-dir@.service                  static          enabled      
user@.service                              static          enabled      
uuidd.service                              indirect        enabled      
wacom-inputattach@.service                 static          enabled      
whoopsie.service                           enabled         enabled      
wpa_supplicant-nl80211@.service            disabled        enabled      
wpa_supplicant-wired@.service              disabled        enabled      
wpa_supplicant.service                     enabled         enabled      
wpa_supplicant@.service                    disabled        enabled      
x11-common.service                         masked          enabled      
machine.slice                              static          enabled      
system-systemd\x2dcryptsetup.slice         static          enabled      
user.slice                                 static          enabled      
acpid.socket                               enabled         enabled      
apport-forward.socket                      enabled         enabled      
avahi-daemon.socket                        enabled         enabled      
cups.socket                                enabled         enabled      
dbus.socket                                static          enabled      
saned.socket                               disabled        enabled      
snapd.socket                               enabled         enabled      
spice-vdagentd.socket                      static          enabled      
syslog.socket                              static          disabled     
systemd-fsckd.socket                       static          enabled      
systemd-initctl.socket                     static          enabled      
systemd-journald-audit.socket              static          enabled      
systemd-journald-dev-log.socket            static          enabled      
systemd-journald-varlink@.socket           static          enabled      
systemd-journald.socket                    static          enabled      
systemd-journald@.socket                   static          enabled      
systemd-networkd.socket                    disabled        enabled      
systemd-rfkill.socket                      static          enabled      
systemd-udevd-control.socket               static          enabled      
systemd-udevd-kernel.socket                static          enabled      
uuidd.socket                               enabled         enabled      
swapfile.swap                              generated       enabled      
basic.target                               static          enabled      
blockdev@.target                           static          enabled      
bluetooth.target                           static          enabled      
boot-complete.target                       static          enabled      
cryptsetup-pre.target                      static          disabled     
cryptsetup.target                          static          enabled      
ctrl-alt-del.target                        disabled        enabled      
default.target                             static          enabled      
emergency.target                           static          enabled      
exit.target                                disabled        disabled     
final.target                               static          enabled      
friendly-recovery.target                   static          enabled      
getty-pre.target                           static          disabled     
getty.target                               static          enabled      
graphical.target                           static          enabled      
halt.target                                disabled        disabled     
hibernate.target                           static          enabled      
hybrid-sleep.target                        static          enabled      
initrd-fs.target                           static          enabled      
initrd-root-device.target                  static          enabled      
initrd-root-fs.target                      static          enabled      
initrd-switch-root.target                  static          enabled      
initrd.target                              static          enabled      
kexec.target                               disabled        disabled     
local-fs-pre.target                        static          disabled     
local-fs.target                            static          enabled      
multi-user.target                          static          enabled      
network-online.target                      static          enabled      
network-pre.target                         static          disabled     
network.target                             static          disabled     
nss-lookup.target                          static          disabled     
nss-user-lookup.target                     static          disabled     
paths.target                               static          enabled      
poweroff.target                            disabled        disabled     
printer.target                             static          enabled      
reboot.target                              disabled        enabled      
remote-cryptsetup.target                   disabled        enabled      
remote-fs-pre.target                       static          disabled     
remote-fs.target                           enabled         enabled      
rescue.target                              static          disabled     
rpcbind.target                             static          disabled     
runlevel0.target                           disabled        enabled      
runlevel1.target                           static          enabled      
runlevel2.target                           static          enabled      
runlevel3.target                           static          enabled      
runlevel4.target                           static          enabled      
runlevel5.target                           static          enabled      
runlevel6.target                           disabled        enabled      
shutdown.target                            static          enabled      
sigpwr.target                              static          enabled      
sleep.target                               static          enabled      
slices.target                              static          enabled      
smartcard.target                           static          enabled      
sockets.target                             static          enabled      
sound.target                               static          enabled      
suspend-then-hibernate.target              static          enabled      
suspend.target                             static          enabled      
swap.target                                static          enabled      
sysinit.target                             static          enabled      
system-update-pre.target                   static          enabled      
system-update.target                       static          enabled      
time-set.target                            static          disabled     
time-sync.target                           static          disabled     
timers.target                              static          enabled      
umount.target                              static          enabled      
anacron.timer                              enabled         enabled      
apt-daily-upgrade.timer                    enabled         enabled      
apt-daily.timer                            enabled         enabled      
e2scrub_all.timer                          enabled         enabled      
fstrim.timer                               enabled         enabled      
fwupd-refresh.timer                        enabled         enabled      
logrotate.timer                            enabled         enabled      
man-db.timer                               enabled         enabled      
motd-news.timer                            enabled         enabled      
snapd.snap-repair.timer                    enabled         enabled      
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.timer               static          enabled      

341 unit files listed.
